[Fix] Configuration of fetching in RSA Netwitness (#5629)
demisto/content: Integrations/RSANetWitness_v11_1/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Fixed an issue with ***fetch-incidents*** when setting a *Fetch Limit*, it would drop older incidents if the fetched incidents number was greater than the limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with ***fetch-incidents*** where setting a *Fetch Limit* would drop older incidents if the number of the fetched incidents was greater than the limit.
```

> - Added new argument to *pageNumber* to ***netwitness-get-incidents*** command. The new argument allows the user to get incidents from a specific page, intended to be used with limit argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the new argument *pageNumber* to  the ***netwitness-get-incidents*** command. The new argument allows the user to get incidents from a specific page and is intended to be used with limit argument.
```
